How many times have you complained that the service agent is not coming The biggest mistake we made was buying a product from LG
Worst app. Constantly circling icon with no actual value.
1 star is too much to rate this app. Lg not able to maintain it's app not sure how customer service will care for their clients
Very useless service! Please my request to everyone is not to buy any product from their company, it is a very useless service. They took 8 days to repair our washing machine, it's been 1 month till now no response has come Every time it says that the part is on order. we are very worried
Third class application made by LG for torture.
Extremely slow and pathetic app. Keeps loading.
Not working
They will send otp that never comes,worst app
I purchased tv 43 inches, totally wastage of money... become too much slow to use. Not installed even a single application but RAM is showing issue in processing. I think I purchased tension not tv.
Not opening
Extremely slow
Don't Trust..... It's Pathetic, and Service Too. Choose Urban Clap Insted of LG Service. Very Poor, Bad Worst Service... Ek to app Nahi Chalta Uppar se Service waloon ke peeche Ghoomo
Lg products are not that much bad as it's services and app .. horrible post purchasing experience
Dear sir/mam, I want to inform you one and half year ago I have purchased my AC from the local dealer but this AC is not working properly while I have purchased this in cash money 46 k . I am tired about this AC servicing... Lots of money I have paid... Kindly take this AC into your company... Very poor service from bijnor service center.. Now I don't want to take any money from your company please take this from my side as a gift.. LG is not a brand... Please back your products
Worst customer service, I bought TV and installation was done after 5 days. Even I bought it offline. LG sucks
Worst Service from LG!!! No one came to repair. Waiting for one week. They will call and ask about the problem but never come to repair.
Not working LG Aap you have to update new version
Pathetic app as well as website. Tried several times to get otp on mail id as well as on mobile for password resetting but not got the same.
App not working . Need to fix the bug
Nothing in Shopping sections works. Can't click anything other than "Magazine" & "About". Installed for shopping Appliances hoping better details.Waste of time and company! Dumping the idea of purchase of LG product. If in festive season of this is the apps response, no wonder what will happen later. For reference check Samsung Shop app.
Scrap app, soes not work lot of bugs a school student can develop better app than this
Worst app, I can't Register the account this app. While register app will be creashed
Pathetic. This app does not even open for hours.
WORST SERVICE IN INDIA. I HAVE PURCHASED ONE TV , BUT INSTALLATION NOT DONE. THEY CALL ME AFTER R DAYS. VERY POOR SERVICE .
Unable to open, very slow
Nothing works, not able to go past the login screen though I already have an account with them.
How is your app even working, your app dont handle state manage management , no memory's management. Connect with me if you want to save your app
This much company using worst interface. I purchased a product with mobile number the product is not reflecting in app automatically need to add the product details manually. Needs to improve interface is very slow
Worst app ever. I can't give it a single star. If there were minus marks, it would definitely get a record for the lowest score. The company promotes itself as a large electronics company, yet they can't even maintain a functional app. It's shocking and disappointing to see such a lack of attention to detail and commitment to customer experience.
Why pinelab payment gateway is failing in LG website site unable to order anything with HDFC card site not even single person respong from LG
Application not working at all
It doesnot send otp crases lot
Very pathetic sing up system you have developed, It’s taking lots of time and some functionality not working properly
I brought 6 months ago water purifier after 1 month water taste different booked for service technician came some part was damaged like that said till now no response. The part was not changed booking for service no response they will say I'll come but they are not coming I don't recommend lg for people Worest service I have ever seen service till now no response.
Worst app. Does not open most of the time.
Pathateic app. काफी बुरा ऍप हे.
Your app is not working properly. Kindly please check and resolve this issue.
Not able to even register or login
Unable to log in as the home page kept on buffering.
Faltu
Wouldn’t even give 1 star..Fraud people, without delivering they are showing delivered and that too not a small thing it’s a washing machine! Faltu customer support, such illiterate people #Lg #Fraud #lgindia
Good
Pathetic customer service, booked a repair request no one showed up. Never buy anything from LG.
Worst service ... never choose Lg appliances
App is broken right from registration page
user information not registered successfully
Worst app should have minus rating
Useless app
Uselss app, can't even login or create a new user
Nothing works on this app. Once I logged in, many website features dont work. Better to just go the website on my Chrome browser.
Can't speak to customer care in my own language. lg provide only English and Hindi then why you sell your product in south india
Worse app
I doubt if the app is still working. I tried to look for some products but none of the libk inside the app isnt working
How can even any electronic company have a this type of app. Worst app ever used it's not functional at all I'm saying delete this application from Play Store or shut down the company don't you have any shame LG . If there would be any negative rating I'll definitely give it the worst one. Totally disappointed
Worst experience, we can't even register, it says already registered every time I change mobile no or email address. I was not able to use it.
Very slow app make some change
Trash app
Useless app
Worst app, lack in browsing and getting the accurate product. Very slow performance
Third grade, extremely slow and not user friendly at all
This is not at all Working and Maintenance is too poor. Technicians have poor knowledge in fixing the issue and they charge like they have done everything
Take too much time to load worst app...not able to add product so I can request for a service
Worst app ever
Can't register at all, Faulty interface. Is this really LG????
You guys already got 1 rating star in ur app management and still no actions like why are u guys this careless
Keeps erroring out stating permissions have been denied. All requested permissions are granted. Unusable app.
Pathetic Customer experience. They have mentioned as 2 years warranty but now are providing the warranty for 1 year only. The customer service person even disconnected my call.
Pathetic service washing is beyond repairable in 4 years they say parts not available so don't fall in their trap of 10yrs warranty for motor
Worst app ever
Their employee Deepak from Satish Bhati team Agra abuses and harasses customers.
Worst app ever. Android Developers dont know how to develop apps. Server teams api is not working. Design of the app is worst. Used WiFi or mobile data, the app is not opening. And if somehow you get into the app anything needs to fetch from server say product info etc. takes a lot of time. Circular progress bar keeps on moving.
It's not allowing me to login itself. pathetic
Bad product bad service
Doesnt work 9 out of 10 times. Just refuses to connect.. while all other app work just fine. Keeps returning- chk u r network connection... why cant you get this right LG?
Not able to login, even if I managed to login then it is not allowing me to use the app and shows permission denied message even though I have given full access to the application.
Third class app from such a big company. You can not log a support call from any of the platform. Whether it is app or web or whatsapp. Ridiculous.
The app is very bad, no page opens, no option comes
Worst app on play Store
The worst service and customer support i have experience ever. My smart tv worth rs47000 has been display grid line issue. Approached customer service they will chamge display with cash. Its absurd and breach or consuker right. Product iw under warranty. Arrogant customer service
Application Don't not work at all have tried on multiple Devices but same Issue .
Worst app ever
Forcing to give premissions for camera, microphone and contacts. Even though those are not mandatory for application features. That too always allow permission is requested. Despite giving all permission still not working.
Probably the worst app there is out there
While creating account maharashtra State not found
Very good
Very slow app..not able to login..this is not expected out of LG
Worthless.
Not working
Worst of worst application ever.. can't even fill the fields and doesn't allow the options to write.... Stupid service
Major bug in the new app. Not able to download. Continously asking for permission. LG being such a reputed company should have solved the problem asap but unfortunately it is neglected
App is not opening
App doesn't open only
Not very good app. Login fails with time-out issues, so the app is almost unusable. After 10 -15 attempts, you may be able to log in and use the app if you don't get the next set of time outs.
Not working
On login app is asking for permissions to agree for all. But it only prompted for a single permission. Stuck in the flow
Cant register as a new user. App crashes
Always need all permission even when given it won't work
Highly poor service and many engineer come for service but no one perfom ok... All are cheat to customer only.. They Inensnily change the manyb part of product but after 4 month problem as it is... Even they have taken service charge two times and parts charges too.. Never ever choose LG ever.
Does not allow to even register. Useless app.
I've been using lg products since 2016 this app has been very good all time. don't know what's wrong with the latest version even after giving all the necessary permissions and unnecessary permissions app is constantly asking for permission or else itself exiting the app
